Take the guesswork out of irrigation
We offer a simple, robust and affordable soil sensor system to help orchard managers, greenhouse growers and high-value field crop farmers manage and optimize irrigation

Save water
Avoid over-irrigation and irrigate only when necessary

Increase yield
Irrigate correctly throughout the varied phenological stages of your crops

Reduce risk
Get notified immediately if the soil is getting too dry or an over-irrigation occurres

Save time
Save time on inspecting the soil manually with a system that requires no maintenance

Listen to our customers
Jesper, Operational Manager at Markhaven
Markhaven is a large supplier of organic tomatoes and cucumbers. In 2020 they decided to switch their previous soil sensor system to SoilSense, because it was more reliable and easier to use.

Ole, Operational Manager at Ørskov Foods
Ørskov Foods is Denmark's largest producer of apples. They are using SoilSense to control the growth of their trees in order to increase yield and optimize water usage.

The best on the market
The best soil moisture sensors, thoroughly tested wireless infrastructure, automatic data analysis, and an easy to use software platform

Real insights, automatic data analysis
Obtaining soil data is only half of the solution. If you need to spend hours analyzing graphs to make a decision, the system will not be used. That´s why we focus on providing simple insights based on our unique automatic data analysis

Best sensors, scientifically proven
Trustworthy data is the foundation for any decision support tool. That's why we use high accuracy TDT sensors. Unlike most existing solutions, we don't claim something we can't back up with scientific evidence

Robust Hardware, From desert to snow
Our dataloggers and gateway units are developed in Denmark with reliability in mind. The product is currently in use in extreme environments: from the Peruvian dessert to a snowy and cold winter in Scandinavia

Avoiding plant stress
Our accurate soil-moisture sensors make sure that you will be warned before the soil gets too dry and starts limiting growth.

Saving water
As the first system in the world, our algorithms automatically detect field capacity and warn you if you over-irrigate.

Easy-to-use software
Our software deliver actionable insights rather than raw data. Your data can be accessed any time via mobile or computer.

Overview of irrigation
Overview of monthly irrigation events ensure that your irrigation system operate as intended

WhatsApp, text and email notifications
Set alarms with a single click and receive notifications on WhatsApp, text or email when critical thresholds are reached.

Air temperature (beta feature)
With measurements of air-temperature you can set up frost-alarms for your farm and understand the micro climate better.

Wireless LoRa system
By using the newest LoRa wireless technology, we are achieving industry best wireless range even in plantations.

Minimal maintainence
Our sensors can be left in the soil for 10 years, and the replaceable AA batteries in the datalogger lasts for 2 years.

SoilSense Online DashboardAccess your data from any phone, tablet or computer and get a real-time overview 24/7
Get a quick overviewObtain an overview of the water requirements while on the go and dive into the details with a single click. Set alarms and receive notifications directly on your phone via Whatsapp or SMS if critical parameters reach the thresholds you setUnderstand the detailsOur intuitive interface makes it easy to navigate and unfold the details of your soil in order to examine the relationship between temperature, moisture and plant growth - so that you can take better decision when planning irrigation

